hi guys how's it going welcome to my
virgin kitchen I'm trying out my new
camera today I use the GoPro just the
GoPro grabs you in the last video you
guys loved it so thank you very much for
that the aim is to combine a little bit
of what I did there with using this new
camera and play around resolutions and
stuff so bear with me this might not be
how it finally looked but we'll get
there okay
that's a day I don't know that was I
said today we are going to make some
faff a nice easy chickpea kind of burger
things in a pita wrap I'm hungry for
lunch and that's what I'm going to do so
hit pause on the video now and write
more down unless Maycomb right so for
the fat fell we're going to make it as
easy as we can just by using our mini
chopper thing if you haven't go on of
those you have to chop away a lot right
then folks here we are with a lime green
so we're going to use to make this part
fails I think that's how you pronounce
it but some plain flour we're not using
all that although it be very very dry
some chickpeas that been drained off
completely so it's just the chickpeas no
water no water in there lemon half lemon
juice half a red onion a garlic cloves
coriander chili pepper paprika and cumin
that is all going boom right in there
right it's nearly all in there now I'm
very close to the edge are pointing to
get a big one of these where there we go
I'm going to sprinkle the flour on there
just about one and a half tablespoons
even get a bit more in there all goes
the squeeze on a little bit of that
lemon juice or you and then we're going
to get the lid on it right so on goes
the lid and yeah let's give it some
whirly action right right so with the
mixture all done it should look
something like that all nice and
colourful and funky we're going to get
it down there on a chopping board right
now yeah this is a messy bits I'm a
little bit worried about hitting the
pause button on my camera any minute now
but you don't need to worry about that
so I've got there's a little bit in my
hands like so I'm just going to shape it
it does hold its shape quite well
actually that's why you need to make
sure it's kind of dry and you drain
those chickpeas properly baby make them
into a little ball shapes like this and
then you can have like a ball shape or
maybe these are squishing down a little
bit like that do that to all of these
stuff no go press that button okay so
with the fan tells I've only made six
for the
which is plenty as it's just me here at
the moment that would do nicely but you
actually got enough to make double that
so six times two equals twelve do you
like how I did my maths they're kind of
cool right so rather than frying them
straightaway which you can do we're just
going to push them to one side and just
work on our salad a bits which won't
take very long at all okay then folks oh
it's this bowl I'm going to put some
spinach and rocket leaves big handful of
chopped parsley
oh yeah these are my leftover bits of
parsley one spring onion and free cherry
tomatoes will slice to push that all in
or yeah baby I'm just going to trim some
cress like maybe half a Punnett will get
it everywhere just on top of that bit
awkward there I just washed it and it's
dripping don't really want the soil in
there no no no no good squeeze lemon
juice a another half a year and I grind
in a pepper like a teaspoon or maybe a
little more you're feeling kinky then
I'm just gonna get my hands in there
combine it all together and that is
gonna really complement those full of
fun if I pull up on a bow there we go
that'll do nicely you want to smell it
oh yeah
okay folks once you reach this stage you
get your salad ready and you've got your
five fouls out there doing their thing
any other thing to do really is get your
pita breads like a pita bread brah maybe
not okay
I just got toasted that's a boring step
so I'm not going to show you that we're
gonna go straight on to frying up off an
apparel apparel felt all right so I'm
just getting a flame there and I'm going
to warm up my pan like so a little bit
of oil olive oil sunflower oil vegetable
oil not engine car oil that would be bad
alright that was nice and hot now but
just to show you the pita breads been
all nice and toasted and they've
actually increased in volume a little
bit
so then cool down a teeny weeny bit but
anyhow let's just sit these in there all
year can you hear that sizzling nice and
gentle finna going to take about two or
three minutes either side and we'll flip
them and then we can fill them right so
once they're done they should look a
little bit like that
nice and browned on the tops both sides
in the middle there's still any yummy
and squishy so clearly now is stuff them
in our pita breads with us head and
maybe a little bit of sweet chilli sauce
good times there's my thumb good times
sorry alright folks as you can see
already made one so what I did was
grabbed pitabread like so and stuffed
it's kind of come out Pharaoh I'm just
stuffing a load of salad in there first
of all tucking in the fallow fields just
sitting them in like that and I'm going
to ram a lot more salad in there as well
right on top of it like this cram it
right in there all my goodness and then
finish it with a cheeky drizzle of sweet
chili sauce oh my goodness I want to put
that in my mouth right away right folks
thanks for putting up for me for this
video I know I've been a little bit
serious but I try to understand the
camera for example the last five minutes
to spend try and take a picture and it
would work so I need to read the manual
and while I was doing that I took a big
old bite and oh my goodness these are
amazing I know another point right now
it's like a head nodding pitabread
of loving the chickpeas I don't know if
the chick is a feminine reference or
maybe it's kinda like a chicken
reference I'm loving it and maybe it's
Latin for like peas love maybe chickpeas
equals peace of love I don't know I'm
loving it I'm gonna have another bite so
good so quick so easy come back from
lunch it's nice and light and healthy
and it's vegetarian as well crazy
so if I can make that absolutely anyone
welcome have a go for yourself let me
know how you on and I'll see you again
on the next video we do small cooking
really fun hope you enjoyed the video
guys if you did please give it a video a
thumbs up share subscribe and all that
and if I ever see you in the street I'll
come up to you and give you a big hug
doing that over there on the right hand
side is a last video I did where I tried
out my GoPro for the first time when we
made some chocolate brownies amazing
stuff so check out and I'll see you
again